Docs :  Add Home page for documentation (#4764)
p4lang/p4c: docs/doxygen/Doxymain.md

> # Welcome to p4 Compiler's documentation!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Welcome to the documentation of the P4 compiler (P4C)!
```

Author: This would make the title in side bar a bit lengthy.

Reviewer: I see, then I would just do `P4 Compiler Documentation`.

@htmlonly
<div class="diagram-container">
<!-- draw.io diagram -->
<div class="mxgraph" style="" data-mxgraph="{&quot;highlight&quot;:&quot;#0000ff&quot;,&quot;lightbox&quot;:false,&quot;nav&quot;:true,&quot;edit&quot;:&quot;_blank&quot;,&quot;url&quot;:&quot;https://drive.google.com/uc?id=16X8Z_4-J8mHQPxuxm9HjWppPMTTXZdZ6&amp;export=download&quot;}"></div>

> <script type="text/javascript" src="https://viewer.diagrams.net/embed2.js?&fetch=https%3A%2F%2Fdrive.google.

Reviewer: Ideally we should not rely on google drive here. Can we upload this to Github somehow?

Author: I tried but, couldn't find a way to embed it via GitHub without compromising on functionality.

Author: Draw.io supports sharing only from Google Drive.
I'll see if I can find a workaround.

Reviewer 2: You should be able to save or export a .svg file from draw.io and save that anywhere you like, e.g. in this Github repo, yes?

Author: > You should be able to save or export a .svg file from draw.io and save that anywhere you like, e.g. in this Github repo, yes?

Indeed, I have included the diagram SVG and Draw.io file in this Pull Request.

Context - We want the SVG to be embedded with all functionality[links and dynamic toggle] while making sure that it is compatible with Doxygen output. 
Draw.io is supporting embedding option only with Google Drive.

Reviewer: This is the only thing blocking us here right now. The problem is we do not have control over when draw.io goes down or things change there.

Reviewer 3: Sorry that I didn't follow the design from the beginning so maybe this was already discussed. But I wonder whether https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid is an open-source alternative worth considering here?

Pros:
- Source can be checked in and maintained as plain text.
- Wide integrations including:
  - [Built-in GitHub rendering support](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams).
  - [VSCode plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MermaidChart.vscode-mermaid-chart).
  - And [more](https://mermaid.js.org/ecosystem/integrations-community.html).

Cons:
- Might not be as capable as draw.io. So the resultant SVG might not be as visually appealing.

Reviewer 2: What happens if you use an .svg file checked into Github as part of the page, instead of using draw.io?  Does something go wrong?

Author: > This is the only thing blocking us here right now. The problem is we do not have control over when draw.io goes down or things change there.

I'm looking into this and I think it will be possible after exporting the diagram as HTML and then keeping it in repo.(Still trying to implement the easter egg rest of the part is working)
 
I'll convert this PR to draft for the time!!

Author: > Sorry that I didn't follow the design from the beginning so maybe this was already discussed. But I wonder whether https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid is an open-source alternative worth considering here?

Thanks for the suggestion, it seems like a good alternative. However, Draw.io was already finalized for diagrams. 

> * Mermaid also probably doesn't support animation.

This is the main concern here, as current GitHub Hosted SVG in this PR can be easily embedded. But they don't support animation toggle.

Author: > What happens if you use an .svg file checked into Github as part of the page, instead of using draw.io? Does something go wrong?

The Easter egg toggle won't work!! Rest, there won't be any other change.

Reviewer 2: Personally, I am fine giving up the Easter egg toggle if the docs page can rely only on files provided from one server, rather than requiring draw.io to be up and accessible as well.

com%2Fuc%3Fid%3D16X8Z_4-J8mHQPxuxm9HjWppPMTTXZdZ6%26export%3Ddownload"></script>
</div>

<button id="toggle" onclick="animateFlow()">Toggle</button>

<script>
    function animateFlow() {
        const svgDocument = document.querySelector('.mxgraph svg');
        if (svgDocument) {
            const edges = svgDocument.querySelectorAll('path:not([marker-end])');
            edges.forEach(edge => {
                edge.classList.add('flow');
            });
            const toggleButton = document.getElementById('toggle');
            if (toggleButton) {
                toggleButton.style.display = 'none';
            }
        }
    }
</script>
@endhtmlonly

> Join the future of programmable networking with **p4c**, a tool that is transforming the way we handle network data. As networks evolve, so does the need for flexible and efficient solutions to manage increasing volumes of data. **p4c** stands at the forefront of this evolution, offering a revolutionary approach to network programming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join the future of programmable networking with **P4C**, a tool that is transforming the way we handle network data. As networks evolve, so does the need for flexible and efficient solutions to manage increasing volumes of data. **P4C** stands at the forefront of this evolution, offering a revolutionary approach to network programming.
```

I would tone this down. Think about this paragraph and what information it actually conveys. After reading it, do you really know what P4C is about? 

https://mihaibudiu.github.io/work/p4-osr17.pdf
Is the paper that describes it, much more neutral in tone.

> `p4c` is a open source reference compiler for the [P4 (Programming Protocol-independent Packet Processors)](https://p4.org/) programming language. It supports both P4-14 and P4-16 versions, making it a versatile tool for developers looking to leverage the power of programmable networking.Remarkably, the front-end, mid-end, and P4C-graphs backend of p4c serve as the foundation for at least one commercially supported P4 compiler, testament to its robustness and reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
P4C is the official open-source reference compiler for the [P4 (Programming Protocol-independent Packet Processors)](https://p4.org/) programming language. It supports both P4-14 and P4-16.
```

I would look at Section 3 this paper for example https://www.usenix.org/system/files/osdi20-ruffy.pdf on an alternative description of the P4 compiler. We can pick the parts that are relevant.

> Designed with extensibility in mind, `p4c` features a standard front-end and mid-end that can seamlessly integrate with target-specific backends, enabling the creation of comprehensive P4 compilers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
P4C is designed with extensibility in mind. It features a front-end and mid-end that can be extended by target-specific back ends.
```

            });
            const toggleButton = document.getElementById('toggle');
            if (toggleButton) {
                toggleButton.style.display = 'none';
            }
        }
    }
</script>
@endhtmlonly
<br>
<br>
[P4 (Programming Protocol-independent Packet Processors)](https://p4.org/) is a language for expressing how packets are processed by the data-plane of a programmable network element, e.g.(hardware or software switch, Smart-NIC, and network function appliance).
<br>

P4C is the official open-source reference compiler for the [P4](https://p4.org/) programming language, supporting both P4-14 and P4-16.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
## Features of P4C

- Provides compatibility for all versions of %P4.
- Open-source compiler front end, allows anyone to quickly build a compiler for a new architecture.
- Supports multiple back-ends for application specific integrated circuits (ASICs), network-interface cards (NICs), field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), software switches and other targets.
- Promotes the expansion of software development tools like debuggers, integrated development environments, %P4 control-planes, testing and formal verification tools.

> - The Compiler has an extensible architecture, making it easy to add new passes and optimizations, and to hook up new back-ends. Furthermore, the front-end and mid-end can be further detailed and extended by target-specific back-end. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The compiler has an extensible architecture, making it easy to add new passes and optimizations, and to hook up new back-ends. Furthermore, the front-end and mid-end can be further detailed and extended by target-specific back-end. 
```

@htmlonly
<!-- https://www.svgrepo.com/collection/scarlab-oval-line-icons/ -->
<div class="card-container">

  <div class="card-item">
    <a href="https://p4lang.github.io/p4c/md__2home_2runner_2work_2p4c_2p4c_2_r_e_a_d_m_e.html#autotoc_md80"> 
    <div class="card-content">
   <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
      <svg width="800px" height="800px" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
      <path d="M4 19V6.2C4 5.0799 4 4.51984 4.21799 4.09202C4.40973 3.71569 4.71569 3.40973 5.09202 3.21799C5.51984 3 6.0799 3 7.2 3H16.8C17.9201 3 18.4802 3 18.908 3.21799C19.2843 3.40973 19.5903 3.71569 19.782 4.09202C20 4.51984 20 5.0799 20 6.2V17H6C4.89543 17 4 17.8954 4 19ZM4 19C4 20.1046 4.89543 21 6 21H20M9 7H15M9 11H15M19 17V21" stroke="#000000" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"/></svg>
      <h2>P4 Compiler Onboarding</h2>

>       <p>Explore tutorials and documentation to understand how the p4c compiler works.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Explore tutorials and documentation to understand how the P4 compiler works.</p>
```
